the marks on her face remind 16-year-old
bassant of the day her father was killed
one minute she was at home with her
family and the next she woke up in
hospital my parents were very kind to me
thank God they were both killed I did
not have the chance to say goodbye to my
father but I did to my mother it's a big
shock to me I am now left with neither
of them others have lost their spouses
left to provide for their children on
their
own my husband had nothing to do with
the resistance or even politics he was
killed on his way to try and get some
flow to feed our children they were
starving for days he was everything to
us he was the Cornerstone of our life he
was the one who brought a smile to our
home and sunshine you can't imagine how
we will go back home without
him 9-year-old W's home was hit by a
missile my mother was killed and fell on
my little brother's lap he kept
screaming unaware what to do we both
witnessed our mother getting killed she
was the joy of our life she always hoped
the war would end I miss her too much I
am sad and feel lost without
her time and time again Palestinians
have said there is nowhere safe in
Gaza I was with my family taking shelter
in a un School the Israelis destroyed
the classroom next to us with a missile
my father mother and all my brothers
were killed it's these children who will
grow up with the scars of this war
witnessing what no child should have to
witness or experience they will have to
live with the trauma and the pain Israel
has inflicted upon them Assad B Al
[Music]
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer